# Trellis 3.0.28

*2019-03-04*

---
- Main menu
  - Battery saver switch (reduces CPU usage by removing animations). Use with caution as some parts of the UI may not work.
  - Track location switch. Controls when the GPS will continuously update with your current location or not. Changes from yellow to green when it gets a "fix."
- Interviews
  - Fixed bug preventing forms from re-opening because incorrect query was running to load the section condition tagas
  - Fixed bug preventing forms from re-opening because duplicate actions were recorded the last time it was opened. (likely caused by lag from asynchronous saving)
  - New interviews will check if an interview has been started for the respondent within 24 hours of the current time and use those coordinates before resorting to using GPS.
  - Saving data now happens when a user clicks the Next or Previous button. This will reduce lag spikes causing duplicate actions and failed commits to the database.
  - Geo question types will now use question parameters to limit the accepted location types.
- GPS
  - GPS no longer runs continuously in the background. It will always turn off when the application is paused (screen turns off or another app is being used)
  - Switch to control whether or not GPS is continuously updating with tablets location
- Logging
  - Logs are now automatically sent to Sentry logging service once the tablet it online.
  - Offline logs are stored in a queue in local storage using a custom method


### Hidden changes
- Added forms view with skip editor
- Added reports view with report download
- Embedded form builder view from Trellis2
